chore: mention negative tests in PR template (#309)
tact-lang/tact: .github/pull_request_template.md

-->

- [ ] I have updated CHANGELOG.md

> - [ ] I have added tests to demonstrate the contribution is correctly implemented: this usually includes both positive and negative tests showing the happy path(s) and when something goes wrong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have added tests to demonstrate the contribution is correctly implemented: this usually includes both positive and negative tests, showing the happy path(s) and featuring intentionally broken cases
```
